Oh
have you read the article about the
killings in Kansas but I think that's
what I want to write about my name is
Truman Capote I was in Maryland's
apartment just last week the four
Matisse's hanging on her wall two were
upside down
[Laughter]
Bureau of Investigation kPa
but we're not looking for any inside
information I don't care if you catch
whoever did this I care
maybe since I was a child folks who
thought they had me Pig because of the
way I talk there are always wrong you
will be stunned by Perry Smith you take
care of his the child won't finish Harry
and I grew up in the same house he stood
up and went out the back door well I
went out the front guilty what is the
sentence yeah
I think how good my book can be I can
hide to be dead forever
he's birthday assist you'd kill
themselves did you tell him your mama
did the same thing if those boys get off
I'm coming to Brooklyn to hunt you down
jerk Jamie he says it's the non-fiction
book of the decade we still haven't
talked about that doctor what's the name
of your [ __ ] and hand-finished I know it
happens the world would see you as a
monster
I don't want
I've decided on a title for my book in
cold blood
[Music]